I surrender!
I surrender.
Please spare my life.
That voice...
Are you...
I'm... I'm sorry.
We lost.
Please spare me.
You attacked us, and now
you want me to spare your life?
I killed all your companions.
It is the duty of a knight
to protect the lord.
As long as I am safe,
I'm sure they will be happy.
How could you say that...
Never mind.
My chance!
What's this supposed to mean?
I will do anything
as long as you spare my life.
So please show mercy.
This one...
Can you get the floor entry permit?
The entry permit...
It's currently being kept by my family.
If you spare my life,
I can give it to you.
I know the locations
of all the upper-level permits.
If you can ensure the safety
of me and my family,
I can take you there.
So you hid them.
No wonder I can't get them
by defeating opponents.
But the question is...
Can I trust you?
Of course...
I... I'm not lying to you.
Alright.
As long as I get the permit,
I will spare you.
Thank... thank you very much.
By the way,
who are you people?
I am Esil, the eldest daughter
of the Radiru family.
No, that's not what I wanted to ask.
I thought I could get information
about the system
from magic beasts other than Baruka...
In your minds,
do you constantly hear voices
telling you to kill humans?
Huh?
Hmm... No.
But we do hear another command.
What command?
Protect our space.
Since when did it start?
Since we came here.
Since you came here?
Where were you before?
The Demon Realm.
We found ourselves in this place
when we came to our senses one day.
What were you doing in the Demon Realm?
A war...
We were preparing for a war.
A war?
Who were you going to fight?
A formidable enemy who is so strong that
all the demons had to unite to fight.
At that time, we were on the eve
of fighting that powerful enemy.
This is not disclosable information.
The conversation has been blocked.
This is not...
Seems I can't ask further questions.
Here is the disaster caused by
a winged ant magic beast
landing on the Japanese outlying islands
and its subjugation record.
A total of 294 civilian casualties.
108 hunters engaged in the battle.
Among them,
4 E-rank hunters, 1 C-rank hunter,
and 1 B-rank hunter died.
Just one magic beast
caused such casualties...
The A-rank hunter
who arrived later killed it.
Only then was it subjugated.
So, the strength
of the winged ant is A-rank.
It's consistent with the conclusion
of the investigation department
after dissecting the body.
That island is 120 kilometers
from Jeju Island.
If those ants gain
stronger flying ability,
they can land
on the southern tip of our nation.
Immediately request support from Japan.
Warn neighboring countries
- to be vigilant.
- Yes.
What was bound to come is coming.
Now every second counts.
I wanted to strike first
before there were casualties.
Now, as the president
of the Hunter's Association,
I order to commence
the fourth Jeju Island raid mission.
Sorry...
I don't know why I fainted.
No, it's okay.
Do you feel unwell?
No, I'm fine.
You are worried about me.
Sort of.
By the way, are we almost there?
Ah, yes.
That is the castle
where the Radiru family resides.
The permit is inside.
Who did you bring back?
- Esil!
- Eh?
Didn't you see it?
Those countless troops
lurking in that man's shadow.
Oh...
He is very perceptive.
If you want to deceive my daughter
and then take over the castle,
don't expect to get out alive.
Father, wait.
I have promised her.
As long as you give me the permit,
I won't harm you.
I heard that he had defeated
Vulcan and Metus.
That means he isn't
an opponent we can defeat.
Heck...
I'll take it.
So you're done, aren't you?
Then leave quickly.
There's one more thing.
I need to borrow her.
- Eh?
- What...
Ah, no. I need her as a guide.
She said she knows the locations
of the permits on each floor.
Can you guarantee my daughter's safety?
Yes.
Alright then. I understand.
That's it. Please show me the way, Esil.
Okay.
Guild master.
Good.
Now the 89th floor is completed.
Igris and Tank have both leveled up.
Their strength is about S-rank and A-rank.
I'm also gaining combat power.
Darn it...
Now the gifts prepared
for negotiations are wasted.
You can take them back.
That's not possible.
The floors above the 90th floor are
managed by high-ranking nobles.
They are on a different level
than the lower ones.
So, getting permits
through conversation might be more...
If I were weaker than you,
would you have a conversation with me?
That's how things are.
Aren't you competing in rankings
with other Demon Nobles?
I will make the Radis family the first.
It's Radiru... Wait.
Jinwoo, why did you spare my family?
Because I like you.
Huh... What?
First it was Jinho, now it's Esil.
I do get along well
with simple-minded people.
- Esil, you can go back.
- Eh?
Eh?
You said the next enemies
would be stronger.
I also promised your father.
Just tell me the location of the permits.
I can handle the rest myself.
Am I so useless to you?
It's not like that.
I just think you must be tired.
Thanks for everything. Thank you.
I will follow you till the end.
I want to see what kind of achievements
you will have.
I understand. Then let's go.
Yes.
As Esil said,
the difficulty increased drastically
from the 90th floor.
The strength and quantity
of the guardian magic beasts
are completely different from before.
But I'm still climbing
to the top step by step.
I must
get the materials for the Elixir of Life.
For that...
Both Hunter Cha and I received a call
for the fourth Jeju Island raid mission.
Yes.
Besides us, it seems President Baek
from the White Tiger Guild
and all S-rank hunters in the country
have also been called.
Then Hunter Sung too...
Moreover, it has been officially
decided to cooperate with
neighboring country this time.
- Do you mean Japan?
- Yes.
Considering the flying ability
of the winged ants,
they are also within the attack range.
This is a natural decision.
As long as they can be eliminated,
it doesn't matter who does it.
When do we take action?
It has not been decided yet.
But I think it will start soon.
And, to discuss the battle plan,
the hunters from ultra-large guilds
will come to our nation today.
I finally reached the top floor?
But there's no one here...
That is the lord of the demons,
Baran.
His aura is overwhelming.
Can I defeat him?
Feels like I'm about to be
dismembered by the killing intent.
So strong that even Esil can feel it.
Alright.
It's hard to deal with it in the air.
A flying dragon?
Are there non-demon creatures as well?
There are quite a lot of them.
What... what should we do?
Jinwoo!
I know.
Come out.
That's amazing...
Jinwoo can use
this kind of combat technique.
But, that is the Demon Monarch Baran,
the ruler of this place.
Jinwoo is just an invader,
someone to be eliminated.
Which side should I choose?
This is not ordinary lightning.
It's a wide-range attack
with a stun effect.
Although the soldiers can be revived,
if they keep getting hit by it,
my MP will soon run out.
I must act before that.
Start with the wings.
My stealth was detected.
It can track me.
Darn it, I will be caught up.
Kiba, Igris!
You finally came down?
Looking up all this time
made my neck sore.
This is much better.
Nice to meet you all.
I am Hanekawa from the Draw Sword Guild.
This is the guild master, Goto Ryuji.
He will communicate with you
through my translation.
Draw Sword Guild.
A super large guild in Japan
with eleven S-rank hunters.
It's reputed to be
the second largest in Asia.
And...
Goto Ryuji, who manages the entire guild,
does live up to the reputation
with his awe-inspiring aura.
First of all,
thank you for accepting the proposal
to form a joint assault team
and work together.
Please don't say so.
We were the ones
who first requested support.
We should thank you for your consent.
As shown in the files,
we have come to many conclusions
from the information you provided
and the dissection results
of the winged ants.
Among them,
there are two key points
related to this operation.
One is its lifespan.
Ants grow rapidly after hatching,
but they only live for about a year.
That means,
as long as the queen ant is killed,
the remaining ants will die after a year.
The other is the ants' behavior patterns.
From the records
of the past three raid missions,
we found that ants
are attracted by powerful enemies,
that is, strong magic power.
This time, we will use this habit
to devise a combat plan.
We also noticed the ants' actions.
I didn't know
they analyzed it so thoroughly...
As for this operation,
among the eleven S-rank hunters
of Draw Sword Guild,
ten will be dispatched, including me.
Ten out of eleven...
We will lure out all the ants.
Your responsibility
is to kill the queen ant.
But this way, you will have to
face thousands of ants...
If we're only acting as bait,
this is not a problem.
The AI simulation also indicates
that this is the best tactic.
Indeed, we can't mobilize
ten S-rank hunters...
Well...
I understand.
Then we will plan
the operation details based on that.
I have no chance
MP to restore MP with a potion.
It blocked a vital hit.
MP Is my MP depleted?
Darn it, the dagger...
It's too strong.
No way.
I can't dodge it.
Now!
As long as I have strength
that I've specially boosted
and 'Ruler's Hand'...
This is the end!
Jinwoo...
Jinwoo!
Esil.
Go back and report to your father.
From now on,
the Radis family will be
at the top of the rank.
Jinwoo.
It's not Radis.
It's Radiru.
>>>>oakislandtk<<<<<
www.opensubtitles.org